s was among the first journalist in Gaza
to die covering the war he was the
editor and chief of ala news agency and
was documenting Israel's deadly
destruction of the
STP I had many dreams for us I always
hoped that my children would be as
caring and as kind to me as s was to his
mother but his children didn't get
enough time with him to absorb
everything from their father who died
very young God will help us
was killed when Israeli forces bombed
several media buildings in a remal
neighborhood in Gaza City just a few
days into the war Israeli forces had
issued an evacuation order and he was
there to film the bombing but Israeli
forces changed tactics and struck a
different much closer Target killing him
and two other
journalists they had been wearing flag
jackets and helmets that clearly
identify them as a
press s death has left his father at a
loss s means so much to me S used to
carry all of our family burdens now I'm
alone and useless and unable to carry
those burdens he used to do so much for
us more than 140 media workers have been
killed in nearly months of War including
Al jaaz cameraman Sam Abu Daka and
journalist have a accused Israel of
deliberately targeting them and their
families Han Mahmud Al jaaz from RAF
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer